What is first logic that you thought for solving the problem?
    first I assumed the no of girls and boys to be zero and then next if the no of boys and girls are equal in the list then the row number of
    that list in the given list is appended to the list which is to be returned.
  + What is the problems you faced while implementing your first logic?
    Problem I faced is I did not get to understand how to take the row number.
  + Did you modify the logic to solve it or the first logic worked?
    I modified the logic.

2)+ What is first logic that you thought for solving the problem?
    First I retrieved the individual lists in given list and then by using sort function the list is sorted and then appended the sorted list
    into a new list and returned it.
  + What is the problems you faced while implementing your first logic?
    I did not face any problem in this program.
  + Did you modify the logic to solve it or the first logic worked?
    No, I did not modify the logic.

3)+ What is first logic that you thought for solving the problem?
    first I sorted the whole list and then divided the list into lists each containing 3 numbers using for loop and if statement.
  + What is the problems you faced while implementing your first logic?
    I faced a problem while executing the code since the given test case-3 is not similiar to that of 1 and 2, here the list is having 4
    numbers but test cases 1 and 2 have 3 numbers.
  + Did you modify the logic to solve it or the first logic worked?
    Yes, I modified the logic

    4)+ What is first logic that you thought for solving the problem?
        first logic was to declared another auxillary string of same size and copy the ith element so that the position is shifted to new declared string and manipulated string
       +  What is the problems you faced while implementing your first logic?
         i forget to calculate length of string and mentioned =1 instead of !=1
       + Did you modify the logic to solve it or the first logic worked?
           i modified the logic to solve it

     5)+ What is first logic that you thought for solving the problem?
         the logic i thought was to get the matrix and then to rotate the matrix by using loops and by side and append the rows.
        + what is the problems you faced while implementing your first logic?
          i wrote the wrong statement for range in for loop
        +  Did you modify the logic to solve it or the first logic worked?
          yes, i modified my logic to solve it

      6)+What is first logic that you thought for solving the problem?
           first i thought to use lambda function and changed  to create a variable and assign them a list as an argument to hold the list of all dictionary values and to find max and min values and to print thier key.
        +what is the problems you faced while implementing your first logic?
          at first i didn't used break which is loop control statement and mismatched some brackets
        + yeah,i modified my program
